feat(tsdoc): support `@inline` tag and fix mobile overflow in `<TSDoc />` table (#4660)
shuding/nextra: .changeset/floppy-webs-notice.md

---

> 'nextra': patch
> ---
> 
> fix mobile overflow on `<TSDoc />` table

Author: ```suggestion
'nextra': minor
---

feat(tsdoc): support @inline tag and fix mobile overflow in <TSDoc /> table
```
